<!--
 Copyright 2024 David Terhune. All rights reserved.
-->

# d6 Fantasy

As the title suggests, this game is the fantasy entry in the d6 system, originally developed for roleplaying in a galaxy far away. The custom templates option should give me a reasonable chance to create a character that feels like Stefan, even if his capabilities don't exactly match.

## Attributes and Skills

I split 18 dice among the 6 attributes I need, leaving extranormal at 0D, then add 7 dice worth of skills. After slightly less fiddling than I would have expected, I end up with:

------------------- ---------- ------------------- ----------
**Agility**          **3D**    **Intellect**        **3D**
Dodge                4D        Reading/Writing      3D+1
Melee Combat         3D+2
**Coordination**     **3D**    **Acumen**           **3D**
Marksmanship         4D        Gambling             4D
**Physique**         **2D**    **Charisma**         **4D**
Swimming             2D+2      Bluff                5D
                               Charm                4D+2
                               Persuasion           4D+2
------------------- ---------- ------------------- ----------

Aside from his starting equipment, which is moderate enough that almost any GM should allow it, that's pretty much it. Were I to include the optional advantages and disadvantages, it would just be a combination of Contacts and Enemies that cancel each other out.

## Conclusion

Is this Stefan? Good question. The system is simple enough that there's not really enough information to tell without actually trying it out. A starting character doesn't quite have as much skill as what Stefan started with, but I think I could get something that felt right by adding some experience.
